make cache pool configurable in rebuild after file change (#246)
patchlevel/event-sourcing-bundle: docs/pages/configuration.md

    This works only before each http requests and not if you use the console commands.
    
!!! tip

>     This use the cache system to store the last file change time. You can change the cache pool with the `cache_pool` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is using the cache system to store the latest file change time. You can change the cache pool with the `cache_pool` option.
```
